.. swagger:tag:: versions
   :synopsis: API versions

   Lists information for all API versions.

.. swagger:tag:: multiple-create
   :synopsis: Servers multiple create (servers)

   Creates one or more servers with an optional reservation ID. The
   request and response examples show how to create multiple servers
   with or without a reservation ID.

.. swagger:tag:: server-actions
   :synopsis: Servers actions (servers, action)

   Performs actions on a server. Specify the action in the request
   body.

.. swagger:tag:: os-server-actions-add-v2.1
   :synopsis: Servers action (servers, os-server-actions)

   Permits all users to list available server actions for a specified
   server. Permits administrators to get details for a specified
   server action for a specified server.

.. swagger:tag:: admin-actions
   :synopsis: Servers admin actions (servers, action)

   Administrators only. Performs actions on a server. Specify the
   action in the request body.

.. swagger:tag:: admin-password
   :synopsis: Servers admin password (servers, action)

   Enables users with the administrative role or the owner of the
   server to change the password of the administrative user.

.. swagger:tag:: console-output
   :synopsis: Servers console output (servers, action)

   Gets console output for a server instance.

.. swagger:tag:: multinic
   :synopsis: Servers multiple fixed IP support (servers, action)

   Adds or removes fixed IP addresses from an instance.

.. swagger:tag:: remote-consoles
   :synopsis: Servers remote console (servers, action)

   Provides interactive console support.

.. swagger:tag:: shelve
   :synopsis: Servers shelve (servers, action)

   Shelves running servers, restores shelved servers, and removes
   shelved servers.
   
   Shelving is useful when you have an unused instance that you would
   like to keep for later use. For example, at the end of a work week
   you can shelve an instance and at the start of the next week you
   can unshelve it.
   
   Your cloud provider might bill you for a shelved server.
   
   Use the ``shelve`` action to shelve a server. All associated data
   and resources are kept but anything still in memory is not
   retained.
   
   Use the ``unshelve`` action to restore a shelved instance.
   
   Use the ``shelveOffload`` action to remove a shelved instance that
   you no longer need.

.. swagger:tag:: deferred-delete
   :synopsis: Servers deferred delete (servers, action)

   Force-deletes a server or restores a soft-deleted server.

.. swagger:tag:: evacuate
   :synopsis: Servers evacuate (servers, action)

   Evacuates servers.
   
   Specify the ``evacuate`` action in the request body.

.. swagger:tag:: diagnostics
   :synopsis: Servers diagnostics (servers, diagnostics)

   Gets the usage data for a server.

.. swagger:tag:: server-ips
   :synopsis: Servers IPs (servers, ips)

   Lists the IP addresses assigned to an instance or shows details for
   a specified IP address.

.. swagger:tag:: server-metadata-v2.1
   :synopsis: Server metadata (servers, metadata)

   Lists metadata, creates or replaces one or more metadata items, and
   updates one or more metadata items for a server.
   
   Shows details for, creates or replaces, and updates a specified
   metadata item, by key, for a server.

.. swagger:tag:: config-drive
   :synopsis: Servers configuration drive (servers, os-config-drive)

   Shows server details including configuration drive information for
   a specified server ID or user.

.. swagger:tag:: server-password
   :synopsis: Servers password (servers, os-server-password)

   Gets the encrypted administrative password set through the metadata
   service.

.. swagger:tag:: server-usage
   :synopsis: Servers usage (servers, os-server-usage)

   Lists all servers and shows server details. Includes server usage
   information.
   
   Shows ``OS-SRV-USG:launched_at`` and ``OS-SRV- USG:terminated_at``
   attributes in server responses.

.. swagger:tag:: virtual-interfaces
   :synopsis: Servers virtual interfaces (servers, os-virtual-interfaces)

   Lists virtual interfaces for a specified server instance.

.. swagger:tag:: flavors
   :synopsis: Flavors with extended attributes (flavors)

   Shows information about flavors.

.. swagger:tag:: flavor-access
   :synopsis: Flavors access (flavors, os-flavor-access, action)

   Provides flavor access support.

.. swagger:tag:: flavor-extra-specs
   :synopsis: Flavors extra-specs (flavors, os-flavor-extra-specs)

   Lists, creates, deletes, and updates the extra-specs or keys for a
   flavor.

.. swagger:tag:: flavor-manage
   :synopsis: Flavors manage (flavors, os-flavor-manage)

   Creates and deletes flavors.

.. swagger:tag:: keypairs
   :synopsis: Keypairs (keypairs)

   Generates, imports, and deletes SSH keys.

.. swagger:tag:: limits
   :synopsis: Limits (limits)

   Shows all global and rate limit information.

.. swagger:tag:: extensions-v2.1
   :synopsis: Extensions (extensions)

   Available extensions.

.. swagger:tag:: compute_images-v2.1
   :synopsis: Images

   Lists, gets details for, and deletes images. Also sets, lists, gets
   details for, and deletes image metadata.
   
   An image is a collection of files that you use to create and
   rebuild a server. By default, operators provide pre-built operating
   system images. You can also create custom images. See Compute
   server actions.
   
   If you set the image size policy in the ``policy.json`` file, the
   ``OS-EXT-IMG-SIZE:size`` extended attribute is visible.

.. swagger:tag:: compute_image_metadata-v2.1
   :synopsis: Image metadata

   Shows details for, sets, updates, and deletes image metadata or
   metadata items.

.. swagger:tag:: agents
   :synopsis: Guest agents (os-agents)

   Creates, lists, updates, and deletes guest agent builds. Use guest
   agents to access files on the disk, configure networking, or run
   other applications or scripts in the guest while the agent runs.
   This hypervisor-specific extension is not currently enabled for
   KVM. Use of guest agents is possible only if the underlying service
   provider uses the Xen driver.

.. swagger:tag:: aggregates
   :synopsis: Host aggregates (os-aggregates, action)

   Creates and manages host aggregates. An aggregate assigns metadata
   to groups of compute nodes. Aggregates are only visible to the
   cloud provider.

.. swagger:tag:: os-assisted-volume-snapshots-v2.1
   :synopsis: Assisted volume snapshots (os-assisted-volume-snapshots)

   Creates and deletes snapshots through an emulator/hypervisor. The
   qcow2 file format is supported.
   
   An internal snapshot that lacks storage such as NFS or GlusterFS
   can use an emulator/hypervisor to add the snapshot feature.

.. swagger:tag:: availability-zone
   :synopsis: Availability zones (os-availability-zone)

   Gets availability zone information.

.. swagger:tag:: os-baremetal-nodes-v2.1
   :synopsis: Bare metal nodes (os-baremetal-nodes)

   Bare metal nodes.

.. swagger:tag:: os-block-device-mapping-v2.1
   :synopsis: Servers with block device mapping format (servers, os-block-device-mapping)

   Creates a server with a block device mapping.

.. swagger:tag:: cells
   :synopsis: Cells (os-cells, capacities)

   Adds neighbor cells, lists neighbor cells, and gets the
   capabilities of the local cell.

.. swagger:tag:: certificates
   :synopsis: Root certificates (os-certificates)

   Creates and shows details for a root certificate.

.. swagger:tag:: os-cloudpipe-v2.1
   :synopsis: Cloudpipe (os-cloudpipe)

   Manages virtual VPNs for projects.

.. swagger:tag:: os-consoles-v2.1
   :synopsis: Server consoles (servers, os-consoles, os-console-auth-token)

   Manages server consoles.

.. swagger:tag:: os-fixed-ips-v2.1
   :synopsis: Fixed IPs (os-fixed-ips)

   Shows data for a specified fixed IP, such as host name, CIDR, and
   address. Also, reserves and frees a fixed IP address.

.. swagger:tag:: floating-ip-dns
   :synopsis: Floating IP DNS records (os-floating-ip-dns)

   Manages DNS records associated with IP addresses allocated by the
   floating IPs extension. Requests are dispatched to a DNS driver
   selected at startup.

.. swagger:tag:: floating-ip-pools
   :synopsis: Floating IP pools (os-floating-ip-pools)

   Manages groups of floating IPs.

.. swagger:tag:: floating-ips
   :synopsis: Floating IPs (os-floating-ips)

   Assigns and allocates floating IP addresses to instances that run
   in an OpenStack cloud.

.. swagger:tag:: floating-ips-bulk
   :synopsis: Floating IPs bulk (os-floating-ips-bulk)

   Bulk-creates, deletes, and lists floating IPs. Default pool name is
   ``nova`` . To view available pools, use the ``os-floating-ip-
   pools`` extension.

.. swagger:tag:: fping
   :synopsis: Ping instances (os-fping)

   Pings all or specified instances and reports which ones are alive.

.. swagger:tag:: hosts
   :synopsis: Hosts (os-hosts)

   Manages physical hosts.

.. swagger:tag:: hypervisors
   :synopsis: Hypervisors (os-hypervisors)

   Displays extra statistical information from the machine that hosts
   the hypervisor through the API for the hypervisor (XenAPI or
   KVM/libvirt).

.. swagger:tag:: instance-usage-audit-log
   :synopsis: Instance usage audit log (os-instance-usage-audit-log)

   Administrator only. Monitors task logs.

.. swagger:tag:: migrations
   :synopsis: Migrations (os-migrations)

   Shows data on migrations.

.. swagger:tag:: networks
   :synopsis: Networks (os-networks)

   Creates, lists, shows information for, and deletes networks.
   
   Adds network to a project, disassociates a network from a project,
   and disassociates a project from a network.
   
   Associates host with and disassociates host from a network.

.. swagger:tag:: os-pci-v2.1
   :synopsis: PCI pools (os-pci)

   Displays extra statistical information from the machine that hosts
   the hypervisor through the API for the hypervisor (XenAPI or
   KVM/libvirt).

.. swagger:tag:: quota-class-sets
   :synopsis: Quota class (os-quota-class-sets)

   Provides quota classes management support.

.. swagger:tag:: quota-sets
   :synopsis: Quota sets (os-quota-sets)

   Permits administrators, depending on policy settings, to view
   quotas for a project and view and update default quotas.

.. swagger:tag:: os-scheduler-hints-v2.1
   :synopsis: Scheduler hints (os-scheduler-hints)

   Creates a server with scheduler hints that are passed directly to
   the scheduler.

.. swagger:tag:: security-groups
   :synopsis: Security groups (os-security-groups)

   Lists, shows information for, creates, and deletes security groups.

.. swagger:tag:: os-security-group-default-rules-v2.1
   :synopsis: Rules for default security group (os-security-group-default-rules)

   Lists, shows information for, and creates default security group
   rules.

.. swagger:tag:: os-security-group-rules-v2.1
   :synopsis: Rules for security group (os-security-group-rules)

   Creates and deletes security group rules.

.. swagger:tag:: os-server-external-events-v2.1
   :synopsis: Execute external events (os-server-external-events)

   Executes external events.

.. swagger:tag:: server-groups
   :synopsis: Server groups (os-server-groups)

   Lists, shows information for, creates, and deletes server groups.

.. swagger:tag:: services
   :synopsis: Manage services (os-services)

   Lists, enables, disables, and deletes Compute services in all
   hosts.

.. swagger:tag:: os-simple-tenant-usage-v2.1
   :synopsis: Usage reports (os-simple-tenant-usage)

   Reports usage statistics on compute and storage resources.

.. swagger:tag:: tenant-networks
   :synopsis: Project networks (os-tenant-networks)

   Creates, lists, shows information for, and deletes project
   networks.

.. swagger:tag:: os-volumes
   :synopsis: Volume extension (os-volumes, os-snapshots)

   Manages volumes and snapshots for use with the Compute API.

