.. swagger:tag:: plugins
   :synopsis: Plugins

   A plugin object defines the Hadoop or Spark version that it
   caninstall and which configurations can be set for the cluster.

.. swagger:tag:: imageregistry
   :synopsis: Image registry

   The image registry is a tool for managing images. Each pluginlists
   required tags for an image. The Data Processing service
   alsorequires a user name to log in to an instance’s OS for
   remoteoperations execution.
   
   The image registry enables you to add tags to and remove tags from
   imagesand define the OS user name.

.. swagger:tag:: node-group-template
   :synopsis: Node group templates

   A cluster is a group of nodes with the same configuration. A
   nodegroup template configures a node in the cluster.
   
   A template configures Hadoop processes and VM characteristics,such
   as the number of reduced slots for task tracker, the number ofCPUs,
   and the amount of RAM. The template specifies the VMcharacteristics
   through an OpenStack flavor.

.. swagger:tag:: clustertemplate
   :synopsis: Cluster templates

   A cluster template configures a Hadoop cluster. A cluster
   templatelists node groups with the number of instances in each
   group. Youcan also define cluster-scoped configurations in a
   clustertemplate.

.. swagger:tag:: clusters
   :synopsis: Clusters

   A cluster is a group of nodes with the same configuration.

.. swagger:tag:: event-log
   :synopsis: Event log

   The event log feature provides information about cluster
   provisioning.In the event of errors, the event log shows the reason
   for the failure.

.. swagger:tag:: datasources
   :synopsis: Data sources

   A data source object defines the location of input or output
   forMapReduce jobs and might reference different types of storage.
   
   The Data Processing service does not validate data sourcelocations.

.. swagger:tag:: jobbinary-internals
   :synopsis: Job binary internals

   Job binary internal objects represent data processing
   applicationsand libraries that are stored in the internal database.

.. swagger:tag:: jobbinaries
   :synopsis: Job binaries

   Job binary objects represent data processing applications
   andlibraries that are stored in either the internal database or
   theObject Storage service.

.. swagger:tag:: jobs
   :synopsis: Jobs

   A job object lists the binaries that a job needs to run. Torun a
   job, you must specify data sources and job parameters.
   
   You can run a job on an existing or new transient cluster.

.. swagger:tag:: job-executions
   :synopsis: Job executions

   A job execution object represents a Hadoop job that runs on
   aspecified cluster. A job execution polls the status of a
   runningjob and reports it to the user. Also a user can cancel a
   running job.

.. swagger:tag:: job-types
   :synopsis: Job types

   Each plugin that supports EDP also supports specific job
   types.Different versions of a plugin might actually support
   different jobtypes. Configuration options vary by plugin, version,
   andjob type.
   
   The job types provide information about which plugins supportwhich
   job types and how to configure the job types.

